INTMDB-24: Change computed paused to optional (#620)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/cluster.html.markdown

* `provider_auto_scaling_compute_max_instance_size` - (Optional) Maximum instance size to which your cluster can automatically scale (e.g., M40). Required if `autoScaling.compute.enabled` is `true`.

* `replication_specs` - Configuration for cluster regions.  See [Replication Spec](#replication-spec) below for more details.

> * `paused` (Optional) - Flag that indicates whether the cluster is paused or not. **NOTE** If `paused` is set `true`, it will only last 30 days, after 30 days, it will unpause automatically, to avoid further changes related to `paused` parameter please ignore the parameter with the lifecycle or re-apply to pause again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `paused` (Optional) - Flag that indicates whether the cluster is paused or not. You can pause M10 or larger clusters.  You cannot initiate pausing for a shared/tenant tier cluster.  See [Considerations for Paused Clusters](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/pause-terminate-cluster/#considerations-for-paused-clusters)  
**NOTE** Pause lasts for up to 30 days. If you don't resume the cluster within 30 days, Atlas resumes the cluster.  When the cluster resumption happens Terraform will flag the changed state.  If you wish to keep the cluster paused, reapply your Terraform configuration.   If you prefer to allow the automated change of state to unpaused use:
`lifecycle {
  ignore_changes = [paused]
}`
```

Author: Understood, for additional work of advanced clusters, should I push in this same PR?

Author: Added changes for advanced cluster, indeed, that you can't pause with a tenant cluster, it will appear an error about `Cannot update a M0/M2/M5 cluster through the public API`

Reviewer: Well that's not a great error message but that's the API. Much to work on there!  Thanks Edgar.
